[docs] Document Nutanix machineset sample (#1679)
openshift/windows-machine-config-operator: docs/nutanix-prerequisites.md

# Nutanix Platform Pre-Requisites

> In order to successfully use the Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO) on a Nutanix Platform, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO) on a Nutanix Platform, 
```

> In order to successfully use the Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO) on a Nutanix Platform, 

Author: Changed according to the suggestion.

> the following pre-requisites are required:

Reviewer: Omit line 4. (See line 3.)

Author: Done

> * Upload a [VM image with a compatible Windows Server version](wmco-prerequisites.md#supported-windows-server-versions) to the Prism-Central/Prism-Element where the Machine VMs will be created with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upload a [VM image with a compatible Windows Server version](wmco-prerequisites.md#supported-windows-server-versions) to the Prism-Central/Prism-Element where the Machine VMs will be created.
```

> * Add a [DNS entry](#adding-a-dns-entry-in-nutanix-environment) for the internal API endpoint in the Nutanix environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a [DNS entry](#adding-a-dns-entry-in-nutanix-environment) for the internal API endpoint in the Nutanix environment.
```

Author: Fixed

## Adding a DNS entry in Nutanix environment

> WMCO downloads the ignition files from the internal API server endpoint. To enable this, add a new DNS entry for

Reviewer: Add a noun after "this" so that the reader and any translators will know what "this" refers to. For example:

"To enable this download" or "To enable these files" or "To enable this feature"

```
api-int.<cluster-name>.domain.com
```

which points to the external API server URL

```
api.<cluster-name>.domain.com
```

where `<cluster-name>` is the name of the Openshift cluster.

Note: The DNS entry can be a CNAME or an additional A record.

The above DNS entry ensures that Windows VM can download the ignition file from the internal API server 

> and the `kubelet` on the configured VM can communicate with the internal API server. In the case of Linux nodes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the `kubelet` on the configured VM can communicate with the internal API server. For Linux nodes,
```

> CoreDNS is running on every node which helps in resolving the internal API server URL. The external API endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoreDNS runs on every node, which helps resolve the internal API server URL. The external API endpoint
```

Author: Changed according to the suggestion.
